avadi up there is a youth driven
bilingual public radio station that
works with young people between the ages
of 15 and 24 and trains them and radio
broadcasting media literacy and most
importantly how to craft their own
stories they learn a lot of basics where
after the first three months of their
training they actually move on to
produce some of the live public affairs
programs you're listening to 90.5 FM wrt
evaluate a Chicago this is first voice
without borders we work with young
people so that they are able to tell
their own stories from a first-person
perspective so that they can tell the
stories of their families of their
communities and of the world around them
my name is Lou Martinez I'm a producer
of first voice without borders it's a
show that deals with immigration issues
both here in the United States and
around the world Mobile is a great
example of the type of student that
usually comes into our training program
and discovered their own voice before
coming to buy the idea I didn't think
that I was as passionate about immigrant
rights as I am now I'm from Mexico my
family is Mexican a lot of the kids that
do work here are immigrants so we like
to reach out to the people that we can
identify with mystics first voice
without borders and today's show an
interview with the guy from Latinos
brother sandal who will be talking to us
about the theater show orders of love
but first the news she's able to
highlight a lot of things that are
inaccurately addressed through various
media outlets and she's able to shine
the light realities of immigration today
I definitely like down the street I love
talking to people it makes it so
worthwhile to know what you're doing
isn't just for yourself you know it's
with people that you're interacting with
high is it okay if I ask you a couple of
questions really quick you watch a lot
of news and immigration or you hear a
lot on the news her voice is pretty
powerful one and the group of young
people that she also works with are
critical to the discussion is being had
an immigration today having companies
like Starbucks help out smaller
communities and organizations can lead
to like a domino effect even though
we're a handful of kids producing one
show once a week we're gonna grow up
we're going to have careers so we get
inspired and will inspire other people
and those people will inspire other
people and it's like it's gonna be chaos
you know